What is up party
people? My YouTube channel is called Mog
Swamp. I make gaming content primarily
focused on Minecraft and specifically
people call me the king of Superflat.
Vertical live streaming has been
incredible for my channel. It's that
direct interaction viewers can get with
their favorite content creator. That is
what makes live stream so engaging and
so fun to be a part of. You guys are
ridiculous. The thing I love most about
vertical live streams is just being able
to meet people where they are in the
short speed. There's so much
discoverability. The number of people
who watch my live streams has
traditionally been very small. But since
I started vertical live streaming, I've
seen that percentage grow and grow and
grow. You're one of my favorite
YouTubers. Thank you, Leo. That means a
lot to me, dude. Whereas with the
vertical stream, I feel a lot more
comfortable just being myself and sort
of just talking with my chat. 10
push-ups. We just did the
situps. My approach to my community is
that everybody needs like a little break
from life sometimes, and so we try to
just create a little bit of an escapist
bubble for us all to just hang out in. I
love hanging out with you guys. It feels
like people are a little bit more
willing to engage in the fan funding in
the vertical streams. Probably just cuz
it feels so much more immediate, like
we're having a back and forth
conversation. I'll try to answer
whatever questions you may have. Gifts
are a form of fan funding that you can
use in vertical live streams. They're
fun, they're accessible, and there's
just no pressure. You're just sending
your favorite creator a gift at the end
of the day. Kelsey K, thank you for the
trophy cake for 1,000 jewels. When
people send gifts, it's really cool to
actually say what the thing they sent
is. You want to try to validate that
choice that they made. Chelsea Cheetah,
thank you for the laughing disco ball.
The entire chat gets lit up with this
really, really cool animation and it
really just hypes everybody up and makes
it feel like a positive place to be.
Doggy Tamer with the fireworks. The gift
combos are really, really exciting.
There's just something about the
multiplier that makes you feel like, "Oh
my god, we're going crazy." Athena,
thank you for the flower combo. It's
like a whole bouquet. I got five
flowers. The main benefit I've seen on
my channel is just a lot more people who
didn't used to be able to give fan
funding being able to get involved.
Since there's all different bundles of
jewels you can buy, it's very, very
accessible for different viewers. So
much of my channel is about positivity
and just having a really inclusive and
chill vibe. And I think gifts powered by
jewels really aligns with my channel
ethos in that way. You guys are the
best. Thank you so much for all the
support. If you haven't tried vertical
live streams, I would definitely give it
a shot. I had a lot of fun today. I love
you guys. I'll see you on the next one.
Bye.